10:05 AM <•Manishearth> frewsxcv: we seem to be moving towards having rfcs repos everywhere :p (there's a proposed style-team and style-rfcs repo for bikeshed madness :p)
10:05 AM <•erickt> frewsxcv: hehe
10:05 AM <bstrie> well in some sense the team is functioning at all now, so that's a start :P
10:05 AM <•skade> carols10cents aturon I wouldn't know of that? Mozilla officially doesn't want to be involved in Rusts community.
10:05 AM <aturon> we've gone through a similar bootstrapping process on all the subteams
10:05 AM <•Manishearth> carols10cents: the official-ness . ish.
10:05 AM <•erickt> bstrie: we're not quite functioning yet. we haven't figured out the community swim lanes yet
10:05 AM <frewsxcv> Manishearth: not immediately convinced that's a bad thing
10:05 AM <aturon> skade: carols10cents: the trademarks are owned by mozilla as a legal organization, but the policy at https://www.rust-lang.org/legal.html is from the core team
10:05 AM <frewsxcv> Manishearth: also not suggesting you think it's a bad thing :)
10:05 AM <carols10cents> "The Rust programming language is an open source, community project governed by a core team. It is also sponsored by the Mozilla Foundation (“Mozilla”), which owns and protects the Rust and Cargo trademarks and logos (the “Rust Trademarks”). "
10:05 AM <•Manishearth> frewsxcv: I'm not saying it is :)
10:06 AM <•Manishearth> heh
10:06 AM <•skade> aturon carols10cents that was my understanding as well and it was set up during my time as community team member
10:06 AM <•skade> carols10cents I'm fighting for more, proper communication by core and for less trying to keep taps on all things
10:06 AM <bstrie> carols10cents: btw, get-together tonight?
10:06 AM <carols10cents> bstrie: i can't make it
10:06 AM <bstrie> :(
10:06 AM <frewsxcv> So clearly we need to start the Rust Software Foundation and take control of our selves legally
10:07 AM <•skade> frewsxcv: oh, sore topic :)
10:07 AM — frewsxcv prints out the 501 c.3. papers
10:07 AM <carols10cents> skade: currently "tabs on all the things" encompasses "the use of the rustcamp name"
10:07 AM <carols10cents> what else is there?
10:08 AM <•erickt> lets figure that out later. Eventually we might want to at least have an independent owner of the rust source code to protect ourselves from mozilla getting bought by oracle
10:08 AM <aturon> Mozilla is basically not relevant here -- for all practical purposes, Rust is governed by the core team, as the legal doc says
10:08 AM <•skade> I proposed a foundation last year and I don't really want to get into that discussion again.
10:08 AM <•erickt> but so far Mozilla Corp hasn't been imposing their will on us yet
10:08 AM <•skade> We've got a legal non-profit coming up here.
10:08 AM <•Manishearth> erickt: stop scaring me before I even start working :p
10:08 AM <•erickt> hehe
10:08 AM <•erickt> Manishearth: your first task is to port Servo to Java
10:09 AM <•skade> carols10cents I have a list of at least 10 similar situations, maybe erickt and steveklabnik want to fill you in, I'm not really in the mood.
10:09 AM <•erickt> anyway, can we codify this discussion into some action items
10:09 AM <•Manishearth> erickt: http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/
10:09 AM <•skade> So I'd appreciate some care about making that whole thing seem like just a pet peeve.
10:10 AM <carols10cents> skade: I'm sorry, the only thing you've brought up during this meeting is the rustconf name, so that's all i know of
10:10 AM <steveklabnik> and it's also the only one really pertient to this particular situation
10:10 AM <•Manishearth> he hasn't
10:10 AM <•erickt> so first thing, we have ambiguity about the this whole Rust{Camp,Conf} franchise model
10:10 AM <•Manishearth> that's why i asked for clarification
10:10 AM <steveklabnik> and, saying "in the past there was trouble" and perpetually bringing it back up is not great
10:10 AM <•erickt> I'll start a urlo thread on that
10:11 AM <•skade> carols10cents that's not true, I also brought up the general core structure and access to information
10:11 AM <steveklabnik> especially since there's been so much effort put into making it better
10:11 AM <steveklabnik> it's really unfair
10:11 AM <•Manishearth> +1
10:11 AM <carols10cents> skade: i don't think we've even moved on to those items yet since the name hasn't been resolved
10:11 AM <carols10cents> and the meeting is officially over
10:11 AM <•erickt> two, we should start a thread on sketching out what we should be doing conference wise in 2017 so we can address issues early
10:12 AM <aturon> erickt: both sound good
10:12 AM <•erickt> three, we need to finish the survey and get a flow in for new users
10:12 AM <aturon> yep, and you've set deadlines on those
10:13 AM <•erickt> where there any other action items we need to pursue?
10:14 AM <•skade> steveklabnik would you prefer for me to write them down publicly? I appreciate that there has been work done, I also appreciate that we have those meetings, but I find it unfair that I should just leave the past rest.
10:14 AM <•erickt> skade: I'd love to help you resolve this whole RustConf question as soon as possible so you can figure out what you're actually going to call your conference
10:14 AM <aturon> it doesn't seem like there's much more actionable here, but i will say on behalf of the whole core team that we are really eager to find better ways to communicate and work together
10:14 AM <•skade> I don't want to dwell on things, but I also don't want to pretend it hasn't happen
10:14 AM <aturon> i feel like we are making strides, but there's more room for improvement
10:14 AM <badboy> So to keep the community informed: greetings from the Rust Cologne meetup, we're doing the birthday party a bit early: http://tmp.fnordig.de/dsh/Photo-2016-05-04-19-13.jpg
10:14 AM <aturon> so help figuring out what lines of communication are missing is appreciated
10:14 AM <•erickt> badboy: omg
10:14 AM <aturon> bstrie: yay!
10:15 AM <carols10cents> erickt: i'm working on getting interesting stats out of github for the birthday thing, made a little progress but not much. I put an update on the issue, would love help from anyone who'd like to.
10:15 AM <aturon> err badboy*
10:15 AM <•skade> I would prefer to just note that things have happened and not rehash things, to make clear that the dynamics are a little more complex.
10:15 AM <•erickt> carols10cents: that'd be great!
10:15 AM <aturon> carols10cents: oh, btw, huon has also been collecting a different set of stats, like his 1.0 in numbers post
10:15 AM <carols10cents> aturon: cool, yeah, this was more like awards or something. i dunno
10:16 AM <aturon> yeah
10:16 AM <•erickt> carols10cents / aturon: I cc'd huon on the thread
10:16 AM <•erickt> err, ticket
10:16 AM <•skade> okay, i'm off to Rust Berlin, see you later
10:16 AM <steveklabnik> skade: all i cay say is that "core hasn't been communicitive" when i know that at least me personally have spent _hours_ talking about and through all points of this feels extremely terrible
10:16 AM <aturon> enjoy! ttyl skade
10:16 AM <•erickt> thanks skade!
10:16 AM <bstrie> wait, is huon moving to the US?
10:16 AM <steveklabnik> and it makes me feel really bad
10:17 AM <aturon> bstrie: he's getting eaten by the Apple machine 
10:17 AM <bstrie> noooooooo
10:17 AM <carols10cents> om nom nom
10:17 AM <bstrie> first gankro, then huon 
10:17 AM <•erickt> bstrie: but allegedly is allowed to keep working on rust
10:17 AM <jntrnr> yeah, sad :(
10:17 AM <•skade> steveklabnik oh, I see that. I'm very sorry.
10:18 AM <•skade> let me rephrase this: the whole community-team/core relationship has history, and the whole representation topic isn't new and I think I'm not alone with that reading
10:19 AM <•skade> especially sorry for misrepresenting steveklabnik's work, I'm really sorry for that :(
10:19 AM <•erickt> skade: I think this story isn't over yet. I think we can keep improving our relationship with core
10:20 AM <steveklabnik> "representation topic"
10:20 AM <steveklabnik> ?
10:20 AM <steveklabnik> well, whatever, you said you have to go
10:20 AM <•skade> steveklabnik about how remote communities are represented in the whole project structure. for me, that's the core of the issue.
10:20 AM <aturon> erickt: agreed, and i think a big part of that is working to develop process and policy around questions that are going to come up regularly
10:20 AM <•erickt> skade: thanks for sticking through this too, I can understand how this has been difficult and confusing for you too
10:21 AM <•erickt> hjr3: oh! thanks!
10:21 AM <frewsxcv> In the future for these meetings, would it make sense to move some of these extended discussions to a GitHub issue?
10:21 AM <frewsxcv> (https://github.com/rust-community/team/issues)
10:22 AM <frewsxcv> Some of this post-hour discussions seems somewhat important
10:22 AM <•skade> okay, see you later
10:22 AM — frewsxcv disclaims he is obviously not part of the rust-community team, just making a comment
10:23 AM <•erickt> hjr3: you got lost in the traffic. On city/country, we are trying to get a sense of where people are using Rust. If it turns out there's a large community in, say China, that we don't know about, we can't emphasize getting our documentation translated for them
10:24 AM ⇐ •skade quit (skade@moz-49vvke.pools.vodafone-ip.de) Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…
10:24 AM <•erickt> hjr3: we also want to support people that want to organize meetups/conferences to have a sense of how large the local community is, and potentially have a mailing list of interested attendees
10:25 AM <•erickt> frewsxcv: you're here, you're in the community so everything is working as planned ;)
10:25 AM <hjr3> @erickt makes sense. it was the lack of "state" that was odd to me. if we think that city/country is sufficient, then that is good for me
10:25 AM <•erickt> frewsxcv: and yes, I did mention we should transition these conversations to https://users.rust-lang.org/c/community. We're erring on that for more open ended conversations
10:26 AM <•Manishearth> frewsxcv: feel free to participate moar
10:26 AM <•erickt> hjr3: we could throw in State
10:26 AM <•erickt> Manishearth / frewsxcv: +1
10:26 AM <•Manishearth> frewsxcv: I was in fact going to PM you to say the same thing, since you're clearly interested :)
10:26 AM <•erickt> we're holding these meetings in public for this very reason
10:26 AM <frewsxcv> I do watch the rust-community/team repo, though I should probably follow the forums closer
10:26 AM <•erickt> come to the next one! it's every 9am UTC
10:27 AM <•erickt> frewsxcv: to be honest we need to have more conversations in urlo
10:27 AM <carols10cents> erickt: you mean 4pm UTC? 
10:27 AM <•erickt> ACK
10:28 AM <•erickt> yes
10:28 AM <•erickt> 9am PST
10:28 AM <frewsxcv> 9am Silicon Valley Time
10:28 AM <•erickt> since it's all about my timezone
10:28 AM <carols10cents> erickt: there's your US centrism again ;)
10:28 AM <•erickt> San Francisco Bay Area centrism, thank you very much
10:29 AM <•mbrubeck> erickt: "MVTime" in Mozilla parlance.
