# Agenda 5/19/2015

- Diversity in the Rust community and leadership (aturon)
    https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/diversity-on-the-governance-teams/2048/
    - Subteam status report (aturon)
    - fott (acrichto)
    - Rust-in-Gecko bugs & Servo status (larsberg)
    - Whistler training update (larsberg)

# Attending

pnkfelix, nmatsakis, larsberg, aturon, gankro, acrichto, pcwalton, nrc, brson, huon

# Status

* nrc - performance measurement for rustc
* acrichto - MSVC support, cargo bugs, tools team setup
* aturon - subteam admin, parallelism, new library work, virtual structs
* brson - twir, linkonce odr opts, vacation
* pnkfelix - nonzeroing moves, gc
* nmatsakis - in theory compiler profiling, but mostly catching up on backlog

# Friend of the Tree

I'd like to nominate Chris Morgan (@chris-morgan) for Friend of the Tree today.
Chris recently redesigned the play.rust-lang.org site for the 1.0 release,
giving the site a more modern and rustic feel to it. Chris has been contributing
to Rust for quite some time now, his first contribution dating back to July
2013 and also being one of the early pioneers in the space of HTTP libraries
written in Rust. Chris truly is a friend of the tree!

# Servo

- larsberg: two bits: 1) rust-in-gecko stuff. might start using bugzilla to auto-tag issues that get opened. won't use rust bugzilla component, but the build components in gecko. should make it easier to track. one member of media team has been working full time on rust-in-gecko (rillian).
- larsberg: doing another rust upgrade. probably land this week. have a long-awaited spidermonkey upgrade that requires an updated rust.
- larsberg: update on training: working with andrea and platform teams to secure space in whistler. lot of interest from gecko on rust+servo training. a matter of how much space we can get and what time slot. will update when we know.
- aturon: reach out to those of us that want to help when you are ready
- larsberg: still trying to figure out how much time we'll get
- nmatsakis: been some talk about setting up tutorial in boston. i don't know when or if it will happen but could be a good location to deploy some of this material
- nmatsakis: last week you mentioned bug where there was some incorrect initialiation. were going to investigate. what happened?
- larsberg: we tried to upgrade rust but had several days of fixes. bug still may exist but we haven't been able to repro. bug is at end of dependency chain.

# Diversity in Rust teams

https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/diversity-on-the-governance-teams/2048/

- aturon: last week we announced subteams, posted headshots. made clear the lack of diversity in project and leadership. complicated topic but there's a lot of pain and damage done on this front. linked to post about this. some good discussion and things are moving in positive direction.
- aturon: thread is going in a good direction but don't want to lose momentum. encourage others to participate

(skipped)

# Subteam status report

- aturon: some aspects of subteams have been setup. still in the process of pulling together administrative stuff. subteams are 'semi-operational'. hope to have admin work done today or tomorrow. would like to continue this meeting at least one more week.
- nmatsakis: I made categories on discuss and adjusted my mail filters. would like to move some communication there
- aturon: discourse categories have been disorganized. now there's some overlap with e.g. multiple 'libs' categories

(missed)

- aturon: I'd like to rationalize the tags and treat the subteam tags as the place you go to talk about those areas.
- nrc: clarify status of irc channels? wasn't clear from announcement whether they were private or public.
- aturon: once we 'fully-turn on' subteams (missed)





