# Attending

- aturon, nmatsakis, pcwalton, brson, acrichto, huon

# Agenda

* Governance RFC (aturon)
* mem::forget and friends (everyone)
* Subteams (aturon)

# Governance RFC

It's been in a "final comment period" for a week, there seems to be a strong consensus. We are going to merge!

# mem::forget

http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2015/04/29/on-reference-counting-and-leaks/

Niko's blog post laid out a perspective on the tradeoffs of various alternatives in detail (including the mem::forget, Leak, and RcGuard RFCs). This post represents the consensus from within the core team on this issue.

Action items:
- merge mem::forget RFC, cherry pick for 1.0
  https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1066
- close Leak RFC https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1085
- close RcGuard RFC https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1094

# Subteams

We spent a while walking through a draft post for the mechanics of subteams -- the parts that were left up to subteam leads to establish.

We also discussed the initial leaders and members of the teams.

We will be circulating this draft along with invitations for team membership, and afterwards we will announce the initial teams and post the initial mechanics to discourse for feedback.
