2015-08-10

# Agenda

(Had a very full agenda; did not cover all of these topics.)

- non-zeroing move status update (nmatsakis)
- RustCamp postmortem (all)
- 1.3 beta postmortem (brson/aturon)
- Addressing -O1 (aturon, but everyone)
- Community subteam visibility
- Duration stabilization (aturon)
- Status update on Rust formalization (aturon/nmatsakis)
- Future of std::time (wycats)
- Trademark policy

# Non-zeroing move

- nmatsakis: Felix landed a change, but this was shown to introduce
  leaks. He had a fix for that, but it's not valgrind clean (unclear
  if it's actually a new problem). So we disabled non-zeroing move for
  the time being; that needs to be backported to beta. Felix is on
  vacation this week, but hopes to get to the bottom of it when he
  comes back.
- nmatsakis: Not fatal to the approach, just a hiccup.
- PR: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/27582

# Duration stabilization

- aturon: We narrowly missed the 1.3 beta train for stabilizing
  Duration. Would like to make an exception and backport the
  stabilization.
- Some discussion about how to avoid this in the future. E.g. holding
  a go/no go meeting for stabilization >= 1 week before releases are
  cut.

# RustCamp postmortem

- Conference went very well!
- Significant number of non-systems programmers, which was encouraging.
- Logistics went blindingly well (people reported no obvious snags at
  all, despite everything being last-minute)
- Leah gave her perspective

# Addressing -O1

- Codegen units is one possibility
- It is possible to pass -O1 down from cargo through to rustc
- YK: "Static check only" might be a better "fast check" default
  than -O0?
- <general agreement>
- YK: `cargo build --check` using a metadata-only build might be better
  for the fastest build, and `-O1` might be a better default for cargo
  period.
- One thing that Servo wants is the ability to optimize particular
  crates even when doing a debug build.
- brson: Would prefer to do this per-function.
- wycats: But then the lib author has to annotate; this should be an
  application-level decision

# Trademark

- Discussed draft trademark policy document. More on this front soon!
