# Agenda

- rust-lang crates policy (aturon)
  https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/1242

# rust-lang crates policy

- This is going into FCP. Pretty important stuff on the libs team, please take a look!

# Versioning/2.0 story

- This fell off the radar a bit, but nmatsakis plans to collect thoughts on topic in the near future.
- Also, Kimundi introduced a library that you can use for build.rs to be sensitive to the rustc version numbers. Should think about whether to make this more official, and if so how.
- There's been discussion about tagging issues/PRs with which version they land in. Can we usefully automate this? (https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/mini-rfc-introduce-awareness-of-release-trains-to-github-issues/2546/2)

# Rust in production notes

- There were some gaps in coverage, e.g. Cargo issues for the Gecko team.
- Going to do some additional outreach to Rust gamedev groups.
- Hearing a fair amount of angst around Cargo; we want to drill more deeply into that.
- Want to reach out to people doing numeric programming in Rust, get a better sense for that space.
